
==== NAME ====

Posy::Plugin::DynamicCss - Posy plugin to load different CSS styles based on
the UserAgent.


==== VERSION ====

This describes version ``0.40'' of Posy::Plugin::DynamicCss.


==== DESCRIPTION ====

This plugin enables Posy users to load different CSS stylesheets based on
the UserAgent.

There is one variable filled in by this plugin that can be used within your
flavour files. The $flow_dynamic_css_line variable contains the stylesheet
link metatag for the currently selected (browser-specific) CSS file. This
variable must be inserted into your head flavour file.


==   Activation   ==

This plugin needs to be added to both the plugins list and the actions list.
It doesn't really matter where it is in the plugins list, just so long as
you also have the Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig plugin as well.

In the actions list, 'dynamic_css_set' needs to go somewhere after
``head_template'' and before ``head_render'', since the config needs to have
been read, and this needs to set values before the head is rendered.


==   Configuration   ==

This expects configuration settings in the $self->{config} hash, which, in
the default Posy setup, can be defined in the main "config" file in the data
directory.

This requires the Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig plugin (or equivalent), because
the configuration variables for this plugin are not simple string values; it
expects the config values to be in a hash at $self->{config}->{dynamic_css}

``dynamic_css''
A hash containing the settings.

``csspath''
Path to the subdirectory where you keep CSS files.

``default''
The default CSS file to use when one can't figure out the browser.

``files''
A hash containing, for each browser, the browser string to compare against,
and the CSS file to use if it matches.

Example config file:

        ---
        dynamic_css:
          csspath: '/styles'
          default: 'layout_netscape.css'
          files:
            gecko: 'layout_gecko.css'
            'MSIE.6|MSIE.5': 'layout_msie.css'
            'Mozilla.4' : 'layout_netscape.css'


==== REQUIRES ====

    Posy
    Posy::Core
    Posy::Plugin::YamlConfig

    Test::More


==== AUTHOR ====

    Kathryn Andersen (RUBYKAT)
    perlkat AT katspace dot com
    http://www.katspace.com


==== COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE ====

Copyright (c) 2004-2005 by Kathryn Andersen

Original 'dynamiccss' blosxom plugin copyright (c) 2004 by Brian Haberer
http://www.canonical.org/~brian/software/dynamiccss

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for
more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple
Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA.

Or See: http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html

